docs: add proposed plans for navigation and organization (#97)
Will-Conklin/Offload: docs/prds/prd-0002-persistent-bottom-tab-bar.md

---

## 2. Problem statement

The current bottom navigation and capture affordances are fragmented, making it
harder for users to understand key destinations and the primary action for
quick capture.

---

## 3. Product goals (V1)

- Provide a consistent, edge-anchored bottom tab bar with five destinations.
- Emphasize Offload as the main CTA via a center-weighted action.
- Preserve quick access to write and voice capture from the CTA.

---

## 4. Non-goals (explicit)

- Redesigning existing feature content (Capture, Organize, Account).
- Introducing new capture types beyond write and voice.

---

## 5. Target audience

- Existing Offload users who rely on fast capture and organization.
- New users onboarding to the core navigation structure.

---

## 6. Success metrics (30-day post-launch)

| Metric ID | Metric | Baseline | Target | Measurement |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| M-200 | Tab navigation clarity rating | TBD | +15% | Post-release survey |
| M-201 | Offload CTA usage | TBD | +20% | Analytics event counts |

---

## 7. Core user flows

1. User selects Home tab to reach Home placeholder.
2. User taps Offload CTA and chooses write or voice capture.

> 3. User navigates between Review, Organize, and Account tabs.

Author: ```suggestion
1. User taps Offload CTA and chooses write or voice capture.
2. User navigates between Home, Review, Organize, and Account tabs.
```
